feat: image builder relation (#312)
canonical/github-runner-operator: docs/how-to/openstack-runner.md

There are three configuration that the charm needs to be deployed with to enable OpenStack integration: `openstack-clouds-yaml`, `openstack-flavor`, and `openstack-network`.

## Integration

> The OpenStack runners require image to be available via the `image` integration. Deploy the

Reviewer: Nitpick: Add "the", as in, "The OpenStack runners require *the* image to be available..."

`github-runner-image-builder` charm and wait for the image to be successfully provided via the
relation data.

```bash
juju deploy github-runner-image-builder
juju integrate github-runner-image-builder github-runner
```

> The image takes around 10-15 minutes to be built and ready via the relation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The image will take about 10-15 minutes to build and be ready via the relation.
```

> The image will take about 10-15 minutes to build and be ready via the relation.

Reviewer: Assuming this is technically correct, I think it would be more concise to say "The image will take about 10-15 minutes to build and be fully integrated." 

You also might want to tell users how to check that the deployment/integration has finished, I assume with `juju status`
